Talamasca FAQ
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Q: Can I (re)configure Talamasca using MSN or IRC?
A: You can only configure Talamasca using the 
   this makes sure that the connecting entity is really the
   connecting entity and not somebody else. It also makes sure
   that, in the event, that there are some oddities in the code
   that one can't accidentally configure it using this method.

Q: Can I give myself or others ops through Talamasca
A: Even though Talamasca tracks MODE changes it will not send these
   changes itself on to other servers. Thus you can't.

Q: Is there any music I should listen to so that Talamasca works?
A: Blutengel, The Gathering, Nine Inch Nails, Opeth, Suicide Commando,
   Within Temptation and Nightwish seem to help keeping it running.

Q: Can I configure Talamasca to link to another Talamasca
A: You can, but you should probably not as it might create a loop.

Q: Did you read Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles?
A: Take a guess...

Q: I want users to be automatically added when they joined MSN.
A: Configuring the bitlbee_auto_add flag to true accomplishes this.

Q: Does Talamasca support IPv6?
A: Of course it does. It is more the question if others do.

Q: This Talamasca is no investigator of the paranormal!
A: You might want to take a deeper look into IM protocols :)

Q: Why isn't the IM functionality integrated into Talamasca?
A: Because BitlBee does an excellent job at that already, why
   would one want to duplicate code anyway?

Q: Why can't I just simply login with a simple password, using
   this MD5 Hashing is tedious.
A: Because then your password would go in clear text over the
   network and everybody could sniff and abuse it.

Q: What is a FAQ?
A: FAQ -> Frequently Asked Questions

Q: Which License does Talamasca have?
A: GPL, see the LICENSE file in the documentation directory.
   This thus means that you have to publish any changes you make
   and keep all the copyrights in place and removing them is a
   breach of the GPL licence.
   Also if you have some patches/changes, please submit them
   to the author so we can incorporate them in the main tree,
   forking is so silly and quite useless.

Q: Why do the various info lines mention "GOUDA ZURICH" and not
   "LONDON AMSTERDAM ROME" like in the original books?
A: Because my hometowns are Gouda in the Netherlands and
   Zurich in Switzerland.

Q: What about Copyright?
A: As mentioned in almost every file included in this package:
   Talamasca
   by Jeroen Massar <jeroen@unfix.org>
   (C) Copyright Jeroen Massar 2004 All Rights Reserved
   http://unfix.org/projects/talamasca/

Q: Can users directly login to Talamasca using the IRC Client Protocol?
A: Not at this moment and it is not planned either.
   You should link Talamasca to a real IRC server when you want this.

Q: My question is not answered in this FAQ!
A: Then contact the author and ask him.
